So desperate

Author: Dagmar

*000*2025-10-14 01:09

Okay, i normally never tell my story here. But last night was so nice.

Some friends asked if i want to come to there place. Ofcourse i want to go so i went. When i left the house, i felt a tiny bit of desperation, but not that much.

I had to go by train and bus before i could met my friend. When i was in the train, i felt that i had to pee really bad. It was a 7/10.

I walked to the toilet in the train. It was closed because somebody was in there. I was a beginging to get desperate so i put my hands between my legs for just a few seconds. The only thing i could think of was peeing as soon as i got the chance. I was waiting in line for the toilet, but nobody came out of the toilet. There were 3 more people in line.

I walked to the other toilet. When i was walking, i felt the desperation starting to really kick in. A little spurt came out, but i managed to stop it. I think at that point, there was a little spot showing in my pants but i was fine. I found the second toilet and it was closed but there was no line.

I was waiting for the toilet. Some guy there told me that a men was in the toilet, so i knew the toilet was working. But it took him a long time to come out. I was getting more desperate. When the guy came out, we were almost at Sittard station and thats where i had to leave the train. So i left the train, really desperate.

I was walking out of the train, but had to put my hands between legs because otherwise everything would came out.

So, now i had to find the toilet. I saw the signs that showed where the toilets where. I was walking really fast at that point. Could not stand normally, otherwise i would definitely piss myself in front of everybody. When i arrived at the toilets, they need a card to pay, instead of the phone. So i had to find my card. At this point, i was getting really desperate. Couldn't stand still. I found my card, but they decline because i had no amount on my card. A little spurt came out in that point.

I was moving with my legs a lot because i knew when i was standing still, it went wrong.

But okay, my card was declined. The toilets there were no option anymore. I had to go to the taxi without peeing. So i walked to the place where all the taxi's where waiting. My blatter hurt a lot at this point. There where no taxi's there. My only option was to go back to the trains, there was a train that would leave in 10 minutes.

I took that train and there was a toilet in it. I walked to the toilet when the train stopped. There was a defect. I was now at a point that i almost couldn't hold it anymore. I walked fast to the toilet but somebody kept it occupied. I was standing in front of the toilet, had to put my hands between my legs. Waiting and waiting before the guy would come out. But nobody came out. There was nobody in it, the toilet was not working. There was a big leak when i noticed that. I think it really showed ad that point.

I was walking to the nearest toilet in the train when it became really bussy. It was a challenge to walk. Another spurt came out. I was wearing a light blue jeans so it was really easy to see that i couldn't hold my pee. It was so bussy that i couldn't walk anymore, people everywhere. I was at the point that i almost where crying because of the desperation. Couldn't stand still, trying to focus on moving my legs. A big spurt came out, i think for 3 seconds or someting. But i managed to stop it with all that i had.

The train stopped and i ran out, in a hurry to find a toilet. It was not my stop to went out but i did because of the desperation. I ran to the toilet, and seriously, you would not believe it, but it was out of order. When i saw the sign, there was a big big spurt. Couldn't prefent it.

There where no more trains left for me, but i really wanted to go home (because my pants where really wet and smelly). So i walked to the taxi's. I was not walking comfortable, i was really desperate. When i came at the taxi place, there were no taxi's at all. I didnt know what to do at that point. I was panicking. So i walked to the place where all the busses came. I had to wait 5 minutes and then my bus would be there. In that 5 minutes, there were a lot of spurts getting out. But i wouldnt give in, so i pressed my legs together and hoped for the best.

The bus came and i went in. When i went in, a big stream went down my legs. It was impossible for my to hold it. The only thing i could do was not moving at all, but that was not an option if i wanted to come home. There were no seats left so i had to stay, crossing my legs. This is not a lie, i had to put my hands between my legs to hold it. I felt the wet spot in my crotch. I was fighting so hard to not pee. It was one of the most difficult things i had to do in my life.

I was almost at my stop, when i noticed that the bus was not riding his normal route. I had to go out way earlier then normal because the bus didnt go so far as i thought. I stepped out of the bus, and i was so desperate. I couldnt move, couldn't do anything, only just stay in the place i was already staying in. I was almost crying, my blatter hurt really bad.

I took two steps to go to the taxi. The first step went well. The second step i lost it all. Couldn't hold it anymore. And not a little bit, a mega stream went not down my pants but directly to the ground inbetween my legs. I was so ashamed. Everything was so wet. But in the same time, i was calm and excepting the situation. I just let everything go and enjoyed the warm feeling. I feel a bit ashamed that a lot of people saw me pee in my pants, but at the same time, i was really enjoying it. I was just letting everything go. Everything went so wet. When i was done, i walked to the next taxi and stepped in it. He didnt see my pants was already really wet. I sat down and feeling the warm, wet pants pressing at my crotch. I was so releaved that i let everything go but at the same time i was mega emberassed.

*001*2025-10-14 01:17

If somebody wants to chat about it, please let me know

*004*2025-10-18 03:48

Ook nederlands merk ik!

