Another embarrassing awkward desperate experience at the library that could only happen to yours truly

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2025-10-28 05:55

I have a somewhat funny story to share, I mean it wasn't funny when I was experiencing it, but looking back I can now see the humor in it, and compared to a lot of the desperation I have experienced over the previous summer it wasn't quite a walk in the park, and I figured it happened a few days ago a few days ago so I will post about this one before I gradually start getting around to trying to catch everybody up on my really crazy summer of desperation. Warning this story contains pooping as well as peeing, so if that is the kind of something that ruins the story for you then you might want to skip this one. 

This one is a little bit more humorous honestly, it's one of those socially awkward kind of situations, so people who like embarrassing social awkwardness in the bathroom this is probably the kind of story that you would enjoy, or nightmare fuel. So warning this story does contain a fair amount of pooping and is also like most things I write pretty long (7500 words) although I wouldn't recommend getting snacks to enjoy with this story. And with that let us begin.

Okay so what happened a few days ago, actually Wednesday last week, was there was this thing at the library about the history of vampires in cinema, which is one of those free program nights that they have at the library where you can go and see lectures and presentations. This was about a historian of horror movies telling us all about the history of vampires and in particular the history of the female vampire in film. 

Being a horror novelist myself, I only write omorashi occasionally like now when I am on a fetish binge, and I think that this experience probably reignited that in all honesty, and it's taken me a couple of days to get around to writing up this account. Being a person who has seen virtually every single horror movie in the history of the world, it was mostly stuff that I was aware of but it was like we got to watch these free movies and everything, but I won't bore you with the details of that as I will get right to the bathroom related craziness that ultimately ended up developing.

Now normally I don't like to go out after I have been eating because then I usually have to go to the bathroom a lot, but this presentation I didn't know how long it was going to be, but I didn't want to eat too late so I figured that I would eat before I went to the show, and when I eat, I usually end up drinking quite a lot because I get very thirsty, and after that I usually drink soda and juices and all of that which I did before I went to this event and then shortly after started getting ready to go. Naturally I did go to the bathroom before I left, as I always do, but I didn't really anticipate this being very long. And actually being thirsty I brought my juice to drink with me as well.

I get to the library at around 7 PM, and they had sort of like a reserved seat where you had to register and everything because otherwise they might run out of seats, and I was actually surprised at how crowded it is because I think that there had to be at least 30 women there, and maybe like only two guys, so this event overwhelmingly skewed female like 95% LOL. I guess women are just more interested in vampires than men are, but it was a special presentation about female vampires so that is perhaps why. But yeah all of the seats were pretty much fills up and I would estimate that there were probably like 28 to 30 women there by my count.

Now here's the important detail that pretty much without which this night probably would have been mundane, I mean I would've enjoyed the presentation which I did, but I wouldn't be telling the story on in omorashi board if it were not for this detail! The important detail is that at this presentation they had like an entire table full of all sorts of food and drink and whatnot, and the majority of the women I noticed were getting a lot to drink. I brought my own drink not knowing that they were going to have drinks at the place, but you can probably see where this is going. But there is another important detail that goes along with this.

The guy doing the presentation said please do not get up during the presentation because they were projecting lots of things on a screen and they didn't want people opening the door or standing up and blocking the screen for other people. So everyone was told that if they get up they might end up forfeiting their seat and then somebody else could take the seats. 

Although I signed up and registered to get a reserved seat they never even asked if I was on the list but I guess that wasn't an issue as I guess they didn't run out of seats even though the entire place was packed. Again this whole presentation was supposedly supposed to be like an hour and 1/2 estimated but it was not like a strict schedule, I was understood that we were going to watch like a movie about vampires that was like an hour and 1/2 and then there would be like talking before the introduction for like a half-hour and then questions and answers afterwards for a half-hour, so yeah the time started passing rather quickly and everybody was drinking quite a lot!

I wasn't really checking my watch or anything so I don't know how long it was but I would say it was maybe like an hour into it, that's when I noticed that the woman in the seat next to me seems to be tapping her feet and shaking her leg a lot in a real nervous way. Now that moment my mind goes into fetish mode because now that is the main thing I am thinking about, I mean I'm sort of paying attention to the presentation and everything but now my mind I am sort of like looking out of the corner of my eye as this woman is tapping her feet shaking her leg, crossing her feet at the ankles and crossing her legs and occasionally taking out her phone to check the time, and while she is watching the screen you can tell that she is checking the clock quite a lot.

I almost felt like I should say something like maybe she should shop shaking around so much but I was kind of enjoying watching her. Eventually another woman asked if she could please stop shaking the seat so I guess I wasn't the only one thinking about that but I could see that she very obviously had to go to the bathroom.

So this continues for quite a while and I can see that other women are noticing and looking at her and that's when she tries to sit still more but I can tell just from the way, just from her body language alone it's very obvious that she really has to go to the bathroom pretty badly. So yeah now my mind was mostly entirely on watching her albeit out of the corner of my eye, her desperation was extremely obvious, and she was rather attractive as well. And again she kept checking her phone every couple of minutes looking at the time before sighing and putting the phone back in her pocket of her jeans.

By this time I am noticing that watching her is kind of reminded me of the fact that I am having a growing need as well, I don't think I was as desperate as she was but by then I definitely did have to go. And during this whole presentation you could see the most of the women in the audience were drinking stuff, although none of them was very obviously desperate the way she was.

By the time they had delayed starting the movie presentation and then finishing the movie it had been about probably two hours and 15 minutes perhaps, and that's when they start having discussion after the movie and there was quite a lot of after discussion I would say that went on for at least a half-hour. The desperate woman who was next to me was just really quiet during that and I could tell that she was sitting with her legs crossed and by then you could see the clock and she was like looking at the clock quite a lot.

So by the time the question-and-answer was done the whole thing had been going for about two hours and 45 minutes and you could see that a lot of the women in the audience were getting a little bit antsy. But then the guy said if we wanted to get put on his mailing list where he has other presentations and stuff like that, so the really desperate woman in front of me went up to put her name on the mailing list and I was waiting behind her. And then the guy starts talking to us personally about horror and stuff of that nature, and by now the woman is just sort of standing on her tiptoes, like really obviously has to go, she's like not hiding it very well at all.

So while we are talking to this guy and the other guy who is the guy who works at the library and who organizes these events I'm sort of looking out of the corner of my eye and I see that all of the other women are leaving the presentation and going out into the hallway and you can see that quite a line is developing at the ladies room, so although we are having like this conversation with these two guys, it's like you're eyeing the restroom and you are like you don't want to be rude and walk away from a conversation but it's like you see the line getting bigger and bigger. 

So by the time we are done talking to this guy, maybe like another 10 minutes or so we start walking away towards the hallway where the line is developed for the ladies room, and the guy sort of continues talking as we are walking out of the presentation room and then the two guys sort of walk into the men's room, and I'll admit I glanced inside and there was a stall and two urinals, and those were like the only two guys at the presentation, so they walked right in and I got in line for the ladies room right behind that other woman who was very obviously desperate.

I end up counting the women ahead of me in line as far as headcount goes and I realize I am 13th in line, and I'm usually not superstitious but I am a little bit superstitious LOL. So yeah I was 13th in line, and then the two guys come out of the men's room and since the guy was like the director of the library I asked them if they are having their annual book sale and apparently they are having it on December on my birthday! So then I start talking to that guy quite a bit while I am waiting in line for the restroom and once again I have mentioned this before but it always feels weird when you are standing there in line waiting for the bathroom and you are talking to a guy who walked like in and out of the men's room in five seconds. 

So we are chatting about horror movies and vampire movies and it's nice to chat with somebody who shares your weird interests like that, but again it still feels weird when you're standing there with a full bladder chatting with a guy who just came in and out of the restroom. Again I wasn't going to say anything about that because it would be weird but we continue chatting and eventually he has to get going.

Once that guy left I turned to the woman in front of me in line, the very desperate one and I saying is very subtle as away as possible you have to go pretty badly don't you and she is like nodding really rapidly and she said she didn't know that the presentation was going to be that long or that you weren't able to get up and she shouldn't have drank so much, and I said tell me about it because by then I really did have to go pretty damn bad. I would say about halfway through the presentation after seeing her squirming around I couldn't stop thinking about the fact that I had to go as well.

So we talk a little bit about the presentation but I think there is sort of like that unspoken thing between us that we both know that we are focused on holding it in, and the line is moving kind of slow. We do make small talk about the presentation here and there but mostly we are just staring at the slow-moving line. When we finally get in the door you realize it's a fairly small cramped bathroom, and unfortunately there is only one single stall in the bathroom which is probably why it was going so slowly, and you could see that the women in front of us looked rather impatient, and by now there were another three women behind me in line.

Now I estimate it had probably been like a half-hour, but actually I didn't estimate I knew it was exactly 32 minutes because I was checking my watch, yes I am very much a clock watcher. So there is like one woman in front of me and the very desperate woman and she goes into the one stall, and here's where we get to the part that's a little bit more than just pee, so if you dislike stories that involve pooping you should stop reading here, but I think it's actually quite funny so you will be disappointed if you do!

So now here's where it gets rather hilarious, I mean in my opinion, again people who don't like toilet humor may not find this as amusing, but the woman in front of the woman in front of me goes into the stall and she pretty much slams the door shut shouting "oh God." Then once she finally has the door shut and you hear the lock closing she pretty much like slams down on the toilet and then you hear like this explosion like her ass is a machine gun! You can hear the very loud sort of groaning, this woman was like very vocal in the toilet, and it's like we're looking at the other women in line or I am looking at the other women in line and you can't help but find that most of them are smirking a lot, and the woman in front of me is like covering her mouth because you obviously know that she's struggling to not burst out laughing because she finds it so hilarious, and who can blame her, it is hilarious!

So that woman is certainly taking her time in the bathroom and it's like I am looking at all the other women in line and again they are sort of smirking and rolling their eyes, so eventually the desperate woman in front of me, clearly still rather frantic as she has been holding on for quite a while knocks on the door and asks if everything's okay in there, and she says she's fine, so she sort of just rolls her eyes and we continue waiting.

Finally after about seven minutes in there (like I said I carry a watch) the woman finally comes out and apologizes for taking so long and you can see that the women waiting for her outside are trying not to smirk because we had just been listening to her for like seven minutes making all these vocalizations in the bathroom.

As soon as the woman comes out the woman in front of me, remember the one who's been desperate and shifting her legs this entire time, she like bolts into the bathroom, quickly slams the door shut and you can hear her trying several times to get the lock to lock right and then you can hear the shuffling of her just jerking her jeans down, and wow did she have to go, she was peeing really loud. And this was like a small woman, she wasn't really that larger anything, but wow!

So yeah she was definitely desperate, she was not faking it, I can say that much for sure. So yeah after hearing the toilet flush she comes out looking blissful honestly, and I am about to go into the bathroom and she says there's no more toilet paper left, sorry that she used up the last of it. So I am like damn, but the woman in line behind me, and now there are 4 women in line behind me says that I should go to the librarian at the desk and let her know that there's no toilet paper. Now I was going to say you think maybe you could go get the librarian, but the direct implication was that it was my turn I should go get the toilet paper.

Now again I'm socially awkward so having to ask the librarian for more toilet paper, I don't know just feels like a weird thing to be asking a librarian, so I leave the hallway and go into the library where I see that the main librarian seems to be talking to another woman who is chatting her up for a while and then finally on like excuse me but the ladies room is out of toilet paper do you think you could get us some more? I don't know why, it just feels very weird to ask a librarian that question, and at this point I have to go really bad, like really really bad.

So I stand there and I am waiting quite a while honestly for her to get the toilet paper, and that's when I run into the woman in front of me in line who took the really long desperate pee and I told her that I was getting more toilet paper, and she's like still? Because again she left the bathroom a couple of minutes ago.

So finally the librarian comes back and gives me a new roll of toilet paper and I thank her and I go running back to the bathroom. By the time I get back to the bathroom however the four women that were in the bathroom behind me are now gone and there are a different five women in the bathroom! So I guess those women who were behind me in line either had their own toilet paper with them or they just didn't really care that there was no toilet paper, but they were pretty much all gone and now there were five new women there and I come in carrying the roll of toilet paper saying that and I say that I got more toilet paper because there was no toilet paper and I went to the librarian to get the toilet paper.

So I start walking towards the woman in the front of the line who takes the toilet paper from me and walks into the toilet, I was just about to walk into the toilet myself but I can see like the other women in the line glaring at me, I guess because I hadn't been there before, so I guess I was gone so long I pretty much forfeited my place, which kind of really annoyed me because I was the one going to get the toilet paper, and I guess those other four women didn't need the toilet paper, so now there is one woman in the toilet and another four women ahead of me in line, which honestly kind of infuriated me to some degree, and then as I get in line another two women get in line behind me. 

I don't know why the bathroom was suddenly getting so crowded, maybe because it was getting late and I think that the library was closing soon, and there were still a lot of stragglers from the vampire thing who I guess were looking around the library afterwards as there are several other programs going on at the library late at night like that. So I guess it was like multiple events involving multiple groups of people needing to use the bathroom. But now it's really getting like ridiculously late and I can't believe that I am still waiting for the bathroom.

So to distract myself I asked the woman in front of me in line if she went to the vampire presentation as I thought I recognized her and she said that it really was pretty good and that she goes to a lot of the things that the library all the time. Then we started talking about the presentation and I was talking about how I was a horror novelist and all this other stuff, and she seemed to be rather intrigued, and I was finding it a surprisingly social day in the bathroom, usually I am not one to start conversation but it actually does kind of help when you are around like-minded people like this, does help you take your mind off of the situation, and it's nice to be around people who read.

Luckily the line seems to be moving, and I am still kind of resentful that I lost my place because I had to go get the toilet paper. And I am like terrible in these sort of awkward situations to know what the protocol was, like the fact that I left to get the toilet paper when I was giving it to the woman in front of me in line when I came back and I was walking towards the bathroom I thought it was kind of like supposed to be implied I got the toilet paper I was next in line, but you can see from the way that they were looking at me it's like you don't want to push the issue so you just begrudgingly let them go ahead of you because I guess I had been gone from the bathroom for like five or 10 minutes and there was no one in the bathroom who had been there when I initially left to go get the toilet paper, so maybe it's understandable but I still felt resentful about that.

The luckily the line is moving quickly but then the woman who is to places in front of me, or the woman in front of the woman that I was talking to, she goes into the bathroom and she parks herself in there, first peeing very loudly and then I was thinking that hopefully she'll be done really quick but then know she ends up having to poop as well, and I am thinking what is it about this place, does all the reading material make you have to go to the bathroom, and then I sort of actually, yes I really did this, I mentioned that line from Seinfeld where George was reading the book in the bathroom and he said it was entrapment because they give you brand muffins and that kind of got a laugh from the woman in front of me and we continued talking, now we were sort of talking about Seinfeld.

So this woman was in the bathroom for at least six minutes (again I carry a watch) and I can hear her really like going at the toilet paper. Like you can hear her unrolling the toilet paper very rapidly and then she flushes the toilet but you don't really hear the toilet flushing very loud. So then she finally comes out in the woman I am chatting with who is in front of me in line takes like one look in there and can see that the toilet is like totally filled up with toilet paper, and I am thinking how much God damned toilet paper did this woman use before us? And I say that as a person who really goes through toilet paper really rapidly at home, so I don't really want to be a hypocrite here but I kind of agree, it's like she filled up that whole freaking bowl with toilet paper. 

So the woman in front of me shakes her head and and says there's no way I am sitting on that and I am about to go into the bathroom, but that's when she closes the stall door, and it's only as she closes the stall door do I realize what she meant, she meant she was going to hover, which I think is very rude personally, I mean I get why she would do it in this circumstance, but I still think that that's very inconsiderate of the women who come next to the bathroom.

Fortunately she ends up finishing up pretty quickly and then she opens the door and says all yours, and I sort of get into the bathroom and the toilet is less like clearly clogged, and this is where I had to make the horrible decision about what to do next. I don't like using an un-flush toilet or a clogged toilet, but at this point I am like totally bursting, so I know that there is no way that I am going to walk away from this situation again. So then I start using a tremendous amount of toilet paper myself wiping down the seat because I am not going to sit in this other woman's urine, so after I sufficiently wipe down the seat I wad up more toilet paper and throw that into the toilet, figuring if it's already clogged is a little bit more really going to make all that much of a difference?

Now here's where it gets weird, and this is another pet peeve of mine, it's like socializing when you're waiting for the bathroom is one thing, but actually talking to people while they are using the toilet is another. So the woman that I was having a conversation with about vampires and whatnot, the one who hovered and soaked the seat more or less, she continues talking to me outside the stall door, like not even really breaking in conversation, just sort of casually continues our conversation even though I am pulling my pants down to my ankles.

In the next part is really just absolutely mortifying I have to admit, as soon as I slammed my ass down on that seat not only do I start pissing like a race horse, like really loudly, but it's like I had to do more than that and suddenly my ass starts exploding and it's perfectly obvious to anyone in the restroom what I am doing in there. And again I don't know some would say maybe this was karma because I laughed at that other woman in the bathroom before when her ass was firing like a machine gun, but wow it was like an explosion like where I was gripping my needs and gripping the side of the seat and I was like literally seen stars I went so forcefully. This is actually very common for me because after eating I usually do have gastrointestinal problems, which again is why usually don't like to eat before going out but I ate early just because I had no idea how long this presentation was going to be.

So yeah also I think that one of the reasons why don't like going in public especially is I make a lot of vocalizations, like a lot of grunting and groaning noises and sort of vocalizations of moaning or cries of exasperation. So then the woman who was having a conversation with me, mind you she didn't stop having a conversation with me as this was happening, that's how mortifying it was, she says are you okay in there and I said yes, and then this crazy bitch just continues chatting casually while I am trying to do my business!

So yeah at this point I am basically doing a massive bowel movement into a toilet that was already clogged and I am thinking to myself "gross gross gross" and I sort of person very quietly under my breath, and the woman asks if I'm really okay in there and I said yeah I am fine, but my Lord was this one of the most embarrassing moments of my life. And just when it can't seem to get any worse it gets worse, story of my life! I finally start finishing up when I realized the next problem, I go to reach for the toilet paper inside of that little machine where you put the toilet paper and then you sort of pull the paper out, and I go for that and I get like one tiny little square or something and I like you got to be freaking kidding me I just got the fucking toilet paper, that's the fucking reason why I lost my place in line in the first place and now they are already out of toilet paper again.

But then I can kind of understand, because like I said earlier I am a person who goes to toilet paper really rapidly myself, and although there were only a few women in front of me if they all used to tremendous number of toilet paper, and that one woman who clogged the toilet practically put most of the roll in there that looks like, and then I used a large amount to wipe down the seat after the woman in front of me soaked it, so it is rather ridiculous that we ran out of toilet paper but these were like very small rolls of toilet paper and the women in front of me, and me wiping down the seat did use a volume asleep large amount, and it was only when I had already finished it I realized that I have an issue. So the woman outside the stall once again asks me is something wrong and I say I have an issue here, we are out of toilet paper again!

So at this point I very meekly asked the woman who has been chatting with me during this, do you think you can go to the librarian and get some toilet paper, I really need some toilet paper pretty badly here. So she said sure she will be right back, except that's not what happened…

So I am sitting there with my pants at my ankles and I'm still kind of pooping. Like I'll be sitting there for a minute and then every couple of seconds I would be pushing and more would keep coming out. So like probably about five minutes past and then I hear a knock on the door and the woman says you know there are a lot of people waiting outside, and I said that I know that but I need toilet paper and the other woman left to go get the toilet paper and she is not back yet. 

So now I am sitting there awkwardly trying to poop as quietly as possible and I can see the other women waiting outside the stall because I can look under the stall dividers and I can see one of them has like her sneakers there and she is tapping her foot impatiently and then she knocks on the toilet again and says you know the line is getting kind of long here, and I said yes I know that, but I am waiting for toilet paper, I already told you that! So another couple of minutes past with me still pooping, because the longer you sit on the toilet the more you keep having to go I often find, maybe that's just me though because I have gastrointestinal difficulties so after I eat I usually have to go to the bathroom pretty badly and I go like a tremendous amount, which again is why usually don't like to eat before going out.

So now I am still sitting there and it's probably been like 10 or 15 minutes, I wasn't really looking at my watch while I was sitting there on the toilet, and the woman is still knocking on the door every few minutes saying I really have to pee really bad here and I keep saying I know but I am waiting for toilet paper, the other woman went to get me toilet paper and I don't know where she has gone, and I mentioned that the toilet is clogged anyway and that it wasn't my fault. And she says I know that but I really do have to go to the bathroom, and at that point I don't even know what to say to this woman because I already explained I am waiting for toilet paper, there's nothing I can really do about that. And again my autistic brain finds the socially awkward situations like impossible to navigate, so all I can do is sit there desperately waiting for them to get back with toilet paper.

So finally this is getting really ridiculous and the woman keeps knocking on the door and says come on lady you have been in there for like 15 minutes or more there is a large line of women waiting, and I once again shout I know I keep telling you I am waiting for somebody to get me toilet paper. Finally the woman seems to get annoyed and she says I'm going to go get the librarian. So now this is like the most awkward possible social situation, and having like this argument with a woman where I have explained my situation, it's like I know she has to pee really bad, I know there's a line and that is not making it any better.

So finally the woman comes back and knocks on the door and I hear the voice of the librarian who says miss you have been in there an awful long time and I am getting complaints, and I say yes I know I asked somebody to go get me toilet paper and I have been waiting for 15 or 20 minutes here and she says that she is sorry she will go see if she can get us some. So finally and mercifully the librarian comes back and they pass me some toilet paper and finally able to wipe myself and then I just sort of I'll more toilet paper on top of the toilet paper that is already in there and I apologize for waiting so long but I can see this long line of women like all glaring at me like I am a monster, and it's like you don't even want to make eye contact because this whole situation was so embarrassing. And I say that the toilet is clogged though so you might not want to use it.

So I finally leave the restroom sure that my ordeal must be over by now, and when I walked out into the library I run into the woman who had been chatting me up in the bathroom stall and I have to admit I was a little bit snippy with her under the circumstances I think you'll understand, but I like where the hell did you go, you are supposed to bring me the toilet paper. And she said oh I am sorry I got a phone call and she lost track of time, but I explained how I was waiting there for like 15 or 20 minutes, there was a long line of women getting angry at me, and she said chillout I'm sorry, so I just sort of rolled my eyes and thought to myself how inconsiderate people could be.

At this point I had a good evening enjoying the program but everything that happened afterwards was just like mind-boggling how these things end up happening to me all the time, a considering especially how I don't get out very much. And you're not going to fucking believe this at all (sorry I curse a lot), but the story does not end there.

What happens was I was leaving the library to begin walking home. Normally I would call somebody to pick me up but my dad had to go out for the evening so I figured that the only way I was going to get to go to the library than is if I walk there but the walk is at least 20 minutes probably, which is why never left the library to just go to the bathroom at home, I will always prefer to wait where I know that there is a toilet rather than risk uncertainty, again maybe that's just an autistic thing, autistic people don't like uncertainty, although we also don't really like socially awkward situations and wow was tonight a doozy!

So I start walking down the block from the library and that's when all of the sudden I feel a very strong pressure in my bowels again, and I like dear Lord no, I really have to poop again. This actually happens to me a lot because of my gastrointestinal condition, I will often eat something, I will go to the bathroom a tremendous amount and then when I stand up and start walking away from the bathroom like a few minutes later sometimes I'm ready to run to the bathroom again, and that's what was happening in this situation, and I certainly didn't want to go back to the library but there wasn't really anything else close to the library that was open and I know the library was going to be closing soon. I think that I was probably starting to get sick around now, luckily I didn't get sick like I thought I would be but I definitely been having more gastrointestinal problems over the last week or so, if I had known how bad it was going to be I probably would have stayed home.

But anyway now I am basically in panic mode because I am thinking what the hell do I do, I don't think that I can make it all the way home, nothing else seems to be open, and I certainly don't want to go back to the library restroom after what just happened, but I know that that's probably my only option so I start running back to the library and I pause for a moment but then I can feel the rumbling in my stomach and I know that I really don't have much of a choice in this situation.

So very begrudgingly I run back to the ladies room and run through the door and some of the women that I had kept waiting from before were in the bathroom washing their hands and I run towards the toilet stall which has an out of order sign on it. So the women are clearly surprised to see me back running towards the toilet and sort of pushing my hand on the door and they point out that didn't you see the out of order sign, you're the one who clogged it, and I said that it was clogged before I used it, and one of the women says well it's totally unusable now. And I say I don't care I really have to go and they point out that the bathroom is closed up.

Then she says even if you didn't clogged the bathroom you were very rude before by making us wait and I try to explain that I needed the toilet paper, and this is where it gets weird now again, she said you could have gone and got the toilet paper and then come back and let the women who were waiting go in front of you, and I feel like saying if you had seen the condition of my ass you would realize that that was not the case, but I don't like to start confrontation so I said whatever, I'm sorry I kept you waiting but it wasn't my fault.

So then I pretty much storm out of the restroom and once again leave the library which is closing up for the evening and I can see that the women who were in the restroom with me also leave the library and I can see them still sort of glaring at me, and it's making me feel like very self-conscious, after everything that happened. So then I start walking down the street looking for anyplace that might be open, and I didn't really bring any money with me because I wasn't planning to go anyplace to buy stuff, so I was kind of hoping I would be able to use the bathroom without buying something and I pretty much just went to a fast food place and use the restroom and luckily nobody gave me any trouble. 

Although as one final insult from the universe when I went into the stall and that bathroom in the stall next to me was another woman who was pooping as well. And all I could think is why does everybody have to go to the bathroom late at night like that? Is it something about being out at night to just naturally makes you want to relieve yourself?

So yeah I got home and I was pretty exhausted after that. But it was this experience that really fired my mind back into the omorashi realm. I think because of all the experiences that I had this summer that were rather grueling and exhausting I got a little bit burnt out, it's like I had too many experiences and was a little bit overwhelming so I was trying to get away from it, but then I have an experience like this and it's like yeah there's no going back, this is going to fix that your mind for a very long time.

But I'm glad to say that in the end everything turned out okay, but wow it was just like a really weird and awkward and embarrassing evening. Honestly if I had known that my stomach was going to be giving me difficulties I probably wouldn't have gone. In fact that's why waited until the last minute to register for the event, which it turns out they didn't even ask me if I had registered, I guess that would've only happened if the seats had gotten filled up even though the place was packed. But I was not feeling well earlier in the day and thought that I probably should have skipped eating and maybe I should have trusted that premonition. 


But I figured I would be fine to go out and I didn't want to miss this event, because it's rare that I get out, but it was making those poor decisions and I just another series of unfortunate events that could only happen to somebody like me. It seems to be happening more often, although outside of my job stuff like this is pretty rare, but yeah there you go, I hope you enjoyed this and I hope it didn't gross you out too much. Like I said I gave a warning in the beginning of the story what you are in for, and once again just shows how real life is a lot more complicated than fiction, because it doesn't always end the way you want it to.

I am curious though has anyone else experienced something like this before? I think this is one of the perils that comes with having severe gastrointestinal issues. Before I started getting sick all the time in 2009 this pretty much never happened to me, now every time I eat it seems like this happened so that's why am always cautious about going out, let it be a lesson for anyone who might have similar issues. And yeah I will probably try to turn this into a novella! I'm finding it doesn't take even a really extensive experience to produce one, one event like this has given me a lot of stuff to think about for a long time into the future, real-life experiences perhaps the greatest teacher and the greatest creative inspiration, which makes me think maybe there is something to the universe gives you what you put out. But now I am just getting weird and philosophical about an awkward bathroom experience, once again something that only I do! Anyway I hope you enjoyed this.

*002*2025-10-30 02:49

@JimSpurs666

"This was an excellent read"

I'm glad you enjoyed it, I know that a lot of people are put off by stories that involve pooping, and this one was perhaps more of a poop story, probably because in reality you don't get to choose what happens to you. Is there any particular aspect that you liked? Seeing as the summary of this from my journals was 7500 words I feel like if I made this into an actual prose narrative I could probably get this into a novella. It really was a pretty interesting story, especially now that I've had some time to think back and reflect on the experience.

*005*2025-10-30 21:52

@Peeluvr95

"If I may ask, in the second instance where your bowels really started to act up and you had to go back to the library before using the restroom at the fast food place, how much longer do you think you would’ve lasted had you not had access to that toilet either before potentially going in your pants?"

I don't think that I was in danger of an accident but I would have been feeling a lot of terrible stomach cramps, particularly because I wasn't really feeling great that particular day and I was originally going to stay home, luckily by eating cautiously now it looks like I have avoided another bout of illness that would have hospitalized me, but most likely I would have just been very uncomfortable. And in any situation where I am uncertain where the bathroom is going to be I will always prefer to wait for a bathroom that I know where there is one rather than go off in search of an uncertain probable bathroom.

"Follow up question: out of sheer curiosity, have you ever been so desperate and just couldn’t hold it anymore that you wound up having a full on accident (either number one and/or number two)?"

Not as an adult, no, but I have numerous times been desperate to the point where I was holding on for dear life and barely able to sit still.

*007*2025-11-02 03:52

@LngPeefan

"That's OK. A couple days ago, I followed that up with a true college library (peeing) story from my days as an undergrad to balance things out. You might enjoy my tale of unrequited female urinary admiration while studying late a night-- if it ever passes this website's review process. This is a mystery, as it would be fit for a Disney movie rating of G or PG."

I always feel like I should have to post a warning though if I'm going to include poop or menstruation or something like that as I know that that can be very offputting to some people and would ruin a story for them even if it's only a minor element. And most of my desperation stories I usually only focus on urination, but in my real life experiences it usually ends up being more than that. It's funny because growing up I was always sort of teasing my mom and her sisters about how they will never go to the bathroom in public short of an emergency so I would always kind of joke whenever they went out for a long time did they stink up the toilet or did they take a huge toilet clogging dump. 

And I always said that they should be open about bodily functions but the truth is that for most of my life I religiously tried to avoid pooping anywhere other than at home, but now that I have extreme stomach problems and gastrointestinal difficulties that's usually not possible. And usually when I have to pee really bad IP so forcefully it's just like if I have to do anything more than that it's going to happen whether I wanted to or not. So I have reluctantly had to get use to regularly pooping in Public whereas before that would be practically a sacrilege. I always felt that made me a little bit hypocritical that I was always very open about talking about bowel movements and telling people that they should not be ashamed of bodily functions and yet I find having to poop in public like that very mortifying, and this experience was just like I couldn't have imagined it going more awkwardly.

I think that when it comes to a lot of these stories omorashi people will interpret them differently. I sometimes think that when I published my novellas about omorashi maybe I should just list them as comedies or contemporary women stories, like I mean the target audience would be people who enjoy the omorashi aspect of it, but I feel if you didn't enjoy the fetish you might think of these are just a bunch of funny stories. I do think the majority of my desperation stories to a person who did not have a fetish would seem just a humorous bathroom story or very mundane. And I am considering doing that for future stories that I publish whether real-life experiences or fiction that was inspired by that.

I think this is one I am definitely probably going to turn into a novella, especially since I ended up having another experience today (is that a message from the universe should I take it that way LOL) that actually took place at the bookstore again which is a place where I don't really frequently experience desperation, although I did post one such experience from a year ago, and it's a place that I only usually go once a month. So I don't really get out of the house much so it's strange that I have had a couple of desperate experiences in quick succession like that. But I think it just goes to show you never will know when something is going to happen like that.

I wouldn't have thought that this library thing was going to be like a big credit event or that it would be long and that we weren't supposed to leave, that everyone would be drinking and needing the bathroom by the end, and just like all these weird little things that you could never imagine or anticipate happening just all combined to make it the perfect storm of craziness, and I think that's what makes it exciting and interesting, and I think that that's why some people like true experiences like these compared to fictional stories, there something more authentic about them. In fiction you can control what is going to happen and you can basically anticipate everything that you want to happen, but when you're having a real-life experience until it's over with you really have no idea how it's going end and whether it's going to end well for you, and I think that's what makes it interesting to a lot of people.

Like for example I had another experience today, and believe me I'm going to make a massive post about it, probably not today. Like today I went to the bookstore like I normally do totally not anticipating anything out of the ordinary. The bookstore is usually largely empty, maybe there would be an occasional line at the bathroom, but nothing really worth reporting in a place like this. But today I went, and it figured that I did drink a fair amount before I went to the bookstore, so I had to go to the bathroom more than I usually do. I'm usually in the bookstore for like hours at a time, so I usually will have to go to the bathroom at least once or twice to be comfortable. 

But today I went to the bookstore, had no idea about this, they had like a huge double booked event where they were having this paranormal romance writer there autographing books, and then another one who was a children's author who was autographing books for children. So ultimately though the library was just absolutely packed like I have never seen it before, and like the events drew like 90% women, I am totally not I went to the bookstore and found it like just completely crowded like never before almost entirely with women just when I finally did start getting around to going down to the bathroom gargantuan line out the door, there's only like a few stalls in the bathroom, so totally unanticipated where nothing out of the ordinary ever really happens at the bookstore but today it was just like again another perfect storm that I never would have anticipated, just like my experience with the library.

So yeah you can sometimes go years without anything interesting happening and then there are other times where like this year it's just like one thing after another, going to that outdoor event with my friends, my summer job as a park attendant, and then these two incidents. Again you can't ever really predict when they are going to happen, and it was funny because today I said you know what I'm going to be going to the bookstore, when I get home going to want to probably write something more serious, I want to totally get back to writing my serious stuff and get off this omorashi binge and it's almost like the universe said, sorry, that's not in the cards were going to be prolonging this. On the good hand between that experience and the one that I had today more than enough material for at least a short novel I would say. So yeah, unfortunate bladder situation for me, fortunate for my fans on this message board, so now you have something new to look forward to, lucky you!

I also do think that for people with this fetish again all these things would be interpreted differently. Like the events that I experienced at the library and today to a non-omorashi person they might just seem like a humorous series of unexpected events, but for the omorashi people they are basically totally getting where I am coming from. Again that's why think maybe I should just list my omorashi novels as comedies or contemporary women or something like that because then maybe they would get a broader audience. The omorashi people would be the ones who appreciate it the most, but it might get a wider audience that it wouldn't otherwise get. 

Although on the other hand though since I am writing it from an omorashi perspective I write it in a way that the average person who wasn't into omorashi probably would find a bit weird, the average person if they went and had a desperate experience in the bathroom awaiting the bathroom line wouldn't turn it into this epic harrowing tale with their bladders throbbing and all the crazy thoughts going through their heads, but I guess as a writer I am uniquely qualified for going into really detail about every little aspect of this, so I can turn something mundane like waiting in line for the bathroom for a half-hour into an epic book. At any rate when it comes to omorashi, even if the experiences seem to be few and far between, they have given me certainly and enough material to inspire me for an entire lifetime.

*008*2025-11-04 21:14

@LngPeefan

"My other regret that evening-- other than not striking-up a meaningingful relationship with her-- was my utter lack of a timepiece. This was just prior to the era of the cell phone and I didn't have a watch, not a Rolex or a Timex in which to capture the spectacular duration of her pee."

I know a lot of people on the spectrum like myself tend to have time blindness where they can really lose track of time, but I think that that's what I balanced out because I was always a clock watcher. When I went to college in the early 2000's cell phones were already a thing but they didn't have like the cell phones like today where they have the Internet and clocks and everything. But even in college I used to always carry around a watch with me and now I pretty much always carry a watch with me at all times, as well as a pad in case I need to write something down, so you um one of those weird people who is precisely know the amount of time I have spent a lot of issues.

Like I would constantly check my watch while I was in line, and if I know that there's going to be a line I always check my watch before and after so I know the full duration. I suppose checking a watch when you are getting in a long line for the bathroom would not be seen as strange though, because people would probably just think I was wondering if I had enough time to wait in line. So yeah sometimes I can be timelines like when I am posting on the Internet like now, but when I am out and about I always check my watch fairly frequently, and in any case involving bathroom lines I always end up timing the line and counting the number of people in line (although if the line is out the door it's kind of hard to get an accurate count) and how many stalls there are etc.

*010*2025-11-23 03:05

@infinite_line

"In a half hour of waiting, no one went to the men's room? That seems like a lot of time to waste when the men's room is right there and no one would care if women used it."

I mean that's true of most places but women generally do not use the men's room. I also imagine that people who are library goers are probably shyer about doing something like that.

