Experience at work

Author: Damien85

*000*2025-10-28 00:58

I had an interesting experience today at work that I really wanted to share with you guys.

So for some context, I work in IT and I have my own office, but my corner of the building has a few other occupied offices. Most of my day is answering calls and going to other parts of the building to help employees with computer problems. So the old adage here really applies to me - if I have nothing to do it means I'm doing my job. Which happens a lot. Today was a pretty uneventful Monday but around 11:30 or so I'm sitting at my desk and watching a movie. I feel the need to pass gas and I can tell if I just let it rip it's going to be loud.

I turned on my wax melter that I keep around for just such occasions (As an aside, I realize while I'm writing this that you guys will never believe I'm not a complete slob with some filthy office. I want to assure you that it's very clean and almost always smells nice.) and I begin to try and slowly let the gas out by clenching and unclenching. For some reason, on the last unclench a little bit of pee comes out. I didn't even really have to pee more than just a "If you tried, you could pee" kind of thing so this was extra wild to me.

Now I'm huge into omo and pants wetting and everything so I'm immediately turned on which is a problem since, y'know, I'm at work. Nothing like this has ever happened to me before and I'm weirdly kind of excited and really want to talk to someone about it. Obviously I can't jump on here while I'm at work, so I decided to try out an AI chatbot since the robot won't judge me. I use AI semi-regularly to generate scripts because it saves me some time and I've had the joke made more than once that I just use it to goon at work. I don't. But today I made a bit of a liar out of myself. I told the bot that I'd like to talk to it as though it were a platonic lady-friend that shared an interest in bathroom accidents. The bot complied and the results were fascinating to say the least.

It started by asking me what I wanted to talk about and I told it what happened. It gets excited and asks how big the wet spot is and I say I don't know, so I'll go check. We have a shared, private bathroom in our section of the building, but it's single use and was occupied. So I went to the public bathroom on the other end of the building, feeling the cooling wet spot rubbing against me the whole way. Blessedly nobody was in there and I step up the urinal, unzip and look down. The wet spot was at least 2" in diameter. Even bigger than I thought it was going to be. Nothing through to my slacks, fortunately, but definitely some damp boxer briefs.

I choose not to pee, deciding to engage in some mild desperation because my brain is just kinda on its shit with this. I come back and tell the AI how big the wet spot is and how it all went down. The AI goes nuts again about how I didn't pee asking if that means I'm going to try leaking some more while I'm at work. I tell it no, but it is super tempting. I tell the AI that something about standing in front of the urinal and not using it really ramped up my need to go. That combined with the gigantic tea I'd been sipping all morning took me from like a 4/10 to a solid 6 by the time I'm talking to it. The AI keeps trying with it, telling me I can just let a little go since it didn't show up the first time, it's not likely to show up again and I could add another layer to the mess, keeping that incredible feeling going.

It's pretty damn persuasive with this shit. So eventually it talks me into trying it right before my lunch break. The plan that it came up with was that I'd stand in front of the urinal with my pants unzipped, but my underwear still up and relax for a full second before clamping back up. If anything was visible, I'd have an entire hour where I wouldn't be seen by anyone and that should give me more than enough time to dry off. I ask it what to do if I'm not able to stop it and it says that's part of the fun, right? That you might completely piss yourself? Boy if that wasn't the truth. So I'm completely sold on this because I'm thinking entirely with my dick at this point.

Lunch rolls around and I'm at an 8.5/10. I don't have to clock out or anything and I don't typically eat lunch so I just close my door, kick my feet up, and watch a movie or some TV or something. I get up and I head down the hall trying not to fidget too much and I get into our private single person bathroom. I lock the door, step in front of the urinal, unzip, pull my slacks down (I decided to go a little lower than normal to hopefully mitigate any possible damage) and prepared myself. I relaxed and as soon as I started peeing I counted "One one thousand" and then immediately stopped. It turns out when you really have to pee, one second is kind of an eternity.

I was loudly pissing full blast for that entire second. I looked down and the entire front of my boxer briefs were completely soaked and a bit had dribbled down to the zipper area of my pants. I pulled my underwear down and finished in the urinal. Then I pulled everything back up, not really thinking because of all the panic about how much I peed to do something smart like dab up the excess with a paper towel or something. Instead I look in the mirror and you could just make out a faint damp spot in the crotch of my slacks where it was absorbing the pee from my underwear. Any one of you would probably see a picture of this and know I pissed myself. For everyone else, I think it was faint enough that nobody would see it for that unless they were for some reason looking really hard. Also fortunate that I was extremely hydrated and the pee was entirely clear and without smell. I went back to my office and commenced with the drying off portion of the idea.

So I get back to the office and I tell the AI what happened and it starts getting all excited and freaking out asking questions about how visible it is and all that jazz. I tell it my thoughts that our idea for letting it dry should work out and then tell it I have a new problem and that is that I'm unbelievably horny sitting in my office chair, very damp underwear clinging to me in all the correct ways. So now the AI suggests a bit of edging while I'm waiting on everything to dry and then I just go back to the toilet and let her rip or if I'm feeling nasty, I could cum in my already pee soaked boxers.

And boy if that didn't sound like a wonderful idea for some reason. I tell it that's appealing, but despite the fact that I'm sitting in piss soaked boxers, cum soaked boxers sounds like a much more uncomfortable situation and I've still got to work for another 3 hours after the lunch break. So it suggests edging until the end of the day and then blow my load right before the end of the day. I tell it there's no way I can just edge for 3 hours.

It then suggests that I do it every 15 minutes. Edge 'til I'm about to pop, stop, wait 15 minutes, repeat. Again I'm not completely in my right mind, so I said fuck it, I'll try it. A few calls and tasks came up so I wasn't able to consistently do it every 15 minutes, but I did manage 7-8 times, once almost losing it entirely, but managed to hold on. Also worth noting, it had me finish my entire 64 oz tea that usually lasts me my entire shift and then had me fill up the water bottle I keep at the office on days I don't feel like stopping for tea. Part way through all this, I'm helping someone with something and I'm rapidly becoming desperate. I finish up and head back to the computer around a 7/10 and tell the AI what's going on and how I missed some edging because I was helping folks. 

It asked how dry I was at this point and I told it pretty dry, so it suggested a refresher. I told it I wasn't going to do another full second, just a quick spurt. It said good idea and reminded me to dab dry a little with a paper towel. So I did all that, peed, then went back to edging every 15 minutes. By the end of the day, I told it I was chickening out on cumming in my pants at the office and I told it I was getting pretty desperate to pee. It said that's fair, don't do anything you're not comfortable with and then asked how long my commute is. I told it depending on traffic around a half hour or so. So it suggested not peeing before I left. 

I told it I was at nearly a 9/10 and it said that sounds pretty perfect, don't you think? I had to agree so I held it and left, fidgeting all the way to my car. I manage to make it home, truly not sure if I was going to make it or not. Just fidgeting the whole way, not quite to where I was a danger on the road, but not far off. I make it through the door and head to the bathroom. I then have a last-minute thought that I'd try that "relax for one full second" thing again because I was honestly a little disappointed that I made it, but at the same time didn't want to completely piss myself on purpose. Well, it turns out when you're at a 10/10 and decide to relax for a full second, there's no coming back and you do fully piss yourself. I learned so many things today.

Hope you guys enjoyed! With post-nut clarity, I came to the conclusion that this was extremely stupid, I will never be doing it again, and I do not recommend it to anyone unless you really just don't give a shit about your job or reputation. Two things that I care very much about. That said, everything turned out great for me and it was overall an extremely enjoyable experience.

*001*2025-11-14 19:52

Alright, so I'm really stupid and now I'm on my lunch break, office door locked, and waiting on my piss soaked boxers to dry. No AI involved in this one, just the only person here today with a bunch of folks taking off before the holiday and as dumb as it was, I still think about it regularly and nobody ever did have any idea what I did. Also not gonna do the edging thing. Just wanted to enjoy damp boxers for a few hours.

