A Personal First: Omo dreams, almost-bedwetting, and Just Made It bathroom dash

Author: DrBorderline

*000*2025-10-27 04:59

I have been rushing to meet a deadline over the past week and to that end, I have been relying on caffeine to pick up the pace and fit more hours into each day. Last night, I had a significant amount of coffee in order to make a last minute sprint to the finish line, and while I hit the bathroom before hitting the hay, obviously the coffee I drank most recently did not have time to be processed and eliminated. I believe that the residual stimulants in my system influenced my dreams, as well as building up in my bladder.

The dream itself started out as normal for me - jumbled shapes, strange architecture, machines that don't function in a way that is logically consistent with how they look. My brain definitely operates on the "dreams are the brain's way of cleaning up unused information" theory of neurology and psychology. This changed at the end, and I couldn't pinpoint an exact reason or catalyst for why, but I am pleased that it did.

At a certain point, the internal narrative of who I was and where I was shifted to being in a bathroom with somebody else. Within the context of the dream, this somebody else was a girlfriend, though she bore no resemblance to any previous romantic partner, or anyone else I knew. (As a matter of fact at several points she didn't even appear to be human, but I have a Fur Affinity account so of course this would not be a deal breaker for me.) This girlfriend was apparently enthusiastic about omorashi-related activities, as within the dream she saw me struggling to hold, and encouraged me to continue to do so. 

I feel obligated to point out that this was not actually a fantasy of mine before last night, but I think it will be from now on; I distinctly remember feeling excited about the prospect in a way I had not before, and I began to deliberately exagerate the motions I was making into a full "gotta go" potty dance. This actually made the urgency more physically pronounced (which it would, as all that liquid sloshing around physically would press and push and rebound against already straining bladder walls) and I realized that what started as a mild need was becoming serious bordering on critical.

I distinctly remember saying to her, "Do you want me to go ahead and let go, or keep holding until I can't hold anymore? Because in about a minute that choice will be out of my hands," which I believe meant I was offering to fulfill either a fantasy of commanding somebody's bladder or making them lose control that she had. I also remember her saying "First lets get you into the bathtub," which would contain the spill either way-

And that's when I woke up, in bed, on the verge of wetting it.

The bathroom is not far from my bedroom, and nobody was occupying it at the time; these two factors alone kept me from making a huge mess as I ran for the toilet. If I had had to walk two more feet, or if somebody had been in there, a puddle would have been impossible to stop. If I had not woken up at that moment, I would have ruined the mattress, as my living situation makes it hard to engage in any sort of omo play without risk of discovery, so there is no waterproof mattress cover on my bed. Furthermore, there was a small but unmistakable wet patch on my clothing after I was done using the toilet, which means that my access to the bathroom happened with an extremely narrow margin of error, and one could argue that I didn't technically make it in time.

As a practical matter, I am concerned about what else my body might do in the future when I'm not awake to keep an eye on it. At the same time, this has literally been the stuff of my dreams before it was actually featured in my dreams. I would be lying if I said I wasn't at least intrigued by what my subconscious might come up with as a sequel.

