Another experience at work

Author: Damien85

*000*2026-01-23 23:42

So for anyone that hadn't seen my last post, it's here.

Basically I was convinced by AI a while back to let slow leaks go in my underwear while I was at work with a pretty substantial leak right at the beginning of my lunch break so I'd have an hour in my locked office to let things dry if anything became visible. Today I had the urge to try it again. So I had my gigantic bottle of water and went about my day. Come lunch time, I went to the bathroom and locked the door behind me. Then I pulled down my work pants and lined the inside with some paper towels and toilet paper.

Then I stood in front of the mirror and relaxed while counting two Mississippi seconds and watching the wetness bloom. It soaked the front of my boxers all the way down my leg and was blessedly caught by the paper towels and toilet paper. I patted my underwear with some TP to get it dry enough that it wouldn't make a big wet spot on my work pants and then finished peeing in the toilet. I flushed, zipped up, washed my hands, and went back to my desk to enjoy the feeling of my wet underwear. My work pants were damp to the touch, but nothing visible and fortunately I was hydrated enough that there was no smell. After my lunch break was over, you'd never know what I did.

Fast forward to after work, I decided to stop at a burrito spot to grab a to go dinner and I kinda had to pee. I noticed when I pulled up that there was a bathroom right next to one of the exits. So the idea formed. I ordered my burrito and while waiting for it to be done, my need grew exponentially. Like to the point that I was occasionally spurting. You know that feeling when relief is right there and your body is like, "Let's go already!"? It was that. When they handed me the bag, I went to the bathroom. It was a single use so I locked the door and I set my burrito (wrapped in foil and a brown paper bag) down on top of the paper towel dispenser.

Then I unzipped and layered my work pants with paper towels and TP again, spurting more the whole time. I stood in front of the mirror and relaxed for a full 3 Mississippi. The lining was not enough. I didn't get anything on the floor, so no messes to be cleaned, but my jeans definitely had pee stains. I finished in the urinal like a normal person and pulled up my pants, forgetting to dab my underwear dry. Something I was reminded of when I checked the damage to my pants in the mirror and saw the wet spot appear. I washed my hands, grabbed my burrito, and bolted. My car was right next to the door and the door was right next to the bathrooms, so I don't think anyone saw me but if they had, it absolutely looked like I straight pissed my pants.

And now I'm sitting here in wet pants in front of my computer about to indulge in some other stories and videos. Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed it!

