Dared my boyfriend to hold it until he couldnt anymore

Author: dbznmgn

*000*2026-03-15 14:17

Its been a while since i last posted here.

During this time i manage to engage in a relationship.

We live very far away from each other, so during my vacations on february, i took a plane to visit him in his house.

Now, he knows about my omorashi kink and whatnot, so he wanted to give it a try someday, and that day came. During the day after lunch, we were chatting and drinking and having cuddles. After a while, we both needeed to pee, so i went to the bathroom first. Then, when he was about to enter, i told him "I remember when you said that you'd like to give omorashi a try one day. Why dont we do it now? I dare you to not go to the bathroom and to hold it until you can't anymore" At first he was skeptical, but after a couple minutes, he gave in and accepted the challenge. Not much happened during the first hour, besides him squirming a bit and whinning that he needed to go to the bathroom. He has a strong bladder, becouse we actually took a nap for like half an hour and he was sleeping like nothing. However, when i woke up, i noticed he was moving quite a lot. He was awake and told me that he couldnt think about anything than his needing to pee.

To add some fun to the mix, i tickled him anywere i could. He begged me to stop and told me he could feel his pee about to come out. He jumped off the bed and stood in place for a moment, doing a potty dance, crossing his legs and holding his crotch. I asked him if he wanted to continue, and he told me: "Well, we've come this far, i might keep going to the end". He kept crossing his legs and squirming for some time, when, at one point, he says "I've never peed my pants before, i've never lose control before, im nervous". It sounded so cute in the way and tone he said this. Then, moments later, he was about to lose it, he started to say "I have to pee so bad" and bent forward. His toes began to curl and i could hear him like grunting and saying very lowly "Its coming out its coming out its coming out" and a small wet patch started to grow in his crotch. His pants were tan coloured so the wet spot was very clear.

He looked down at his wet spot in an awe and saying that its still coming out. And then, the wetspot began to grow, slowly and steady. He didn't even try to cross his legsd this time, he just stood there looking down at his pants. And then, it wasn't growing slowly anymore, he just lost it completely, leaving a massive puddle in the floor. He felt so relieved and was moaning so hard. When he was done, his pants were drenched and his face was red. I asked how it felt and he told me that it felt good to let go, but at the same time, he said that it didnt enjoy the holding part, so he doesn't want to do this again for a long time, but that he did enjoy the rest: the warmth feeling, the relieve when he peed, and the wetness he felt.

After that, he took a shower, and we went to the beach to spent the rest of that day. I love him so much.

