Hot question

Author: DesperatedSuki

*000*2026-03-21 04:56

Have you ever been so desperated to pee that you cant stop pee dancing and squirming? Like to the point of not even stop doing it due to the intense pressure of your bladder?

*004*2026-03-26 21:19

{{1 hour ago, Iknead2 said:

Yes 100% when I go for a genuine accident it gets to a point where you cant help it/ if you stop you will just immediately wet

}}

Those are moment when someone genuinely become a master of holding dancer, just to avoit the explosion for just some seconds!

Love to hear your question, and Yes! It had happened to me. I had some memories where I remember watching people in that situation, and one time I was in that position.

If anyone wants to hear the full stories just tell me 🐱

*007*2026-03-26 22:36

{{32 minutes ago, Iknead2 said:

Would love to, we can trade stories 🤭

}}

Ohhh dont worry, it is not necessary a trade 😁 I will start writing later then!

{{23 minutes ago, Doctor Pivetta said:

Do you prefer to hold it, or to watch others hold?

}}

Both? YES both. I love watching people (specially other females hold it) Although I love to hold it in, I havent really try it that much. So I might try it more in the near future 😉

&&

*010*2026-03-27 02:39

As I promise~ I would be telling one of the few most desperated time that I was. In relation to my post of being so desperated to pee that I would start pee dancing like crazy 🤤 This would be 1 out of the 4 I ever had.

Sooooo to begin with, It was a rainy day, which means that the buses were sooooo slow due to the bad weather. I was just finishing my university lessons, so all I had to do by then was just wait for the transportation. Howeve, by that time I made the big mistake (Or good mistake in this time) of drinking a lot of water during the 2 hours and 40 minutes of class. By that point, I was just denying my pooooooor bladder that was constantly screaming for a toilet. And just when I arrive to the bus stop, the reality hit me like a truck. I was so focus in class and then only thinking about going home that I forgot to use the bathroom 😵‍💫. So there was me, waiting for the bus, for about 40 minute, and none of them was useful for me. By that time I couldn't even hide my desperation!

I was constantly crossing and uncrossing my legs, making soft moans, and even bouncing a lot. My face was contorned with a full desperation, and the rainy day wasn't helping. Suddenly, my "salvation" arrived, my bus was about just in the same street. However, fate has a dark humor and the bus completely skipped my stop. I was debestated (In that time, now I think about it and is hot 🤤) I was even thinking about pulling down my pants and just pee there. But I was also really embarrassed as there was a few other people.

I waited for about 20 more minutes when I was finally able to get on a bus, by then, I was completely bendind in half and stuffing my r hands between my thighs to try to hold it in. Constantly bouncing and moaning a lot, constantly repeating to myself "Please hold it... pleasee!!", "Come on be faster.... i-i am going to explode!!" While I was fully pee dancing like crazy. When I arrive home, it was just like a cruel joke. Because just when I was about to jump to the toilet, I wasnt even abke ti pull down my pants when I started leaking non-stop.🙃

Hope you enjoy reading it 😇 I have a few other stories in case you also want to hear them~

*015*2026-03-27 20:49

{{11 hours ago, Doctor Pivetta said:

This was a very nice story, thanks so much for sharing, would love to hear the others

Do you like to wet as well, or only to hold

}}

Glad you enjoy it 😁 and I will definitely write more in the near future

And wetting fells nice, but I more keen to hold it in

{{5 hours ago, Iknead2 said:

Aww sounds like the universe was determined to make you wet yourself. Such a hot story

}}

Universe can be cruel some time.... but in good ways🤤 there was no way I would reach a toilet

